Vertical groundwater flux varies through time under natural hydrologic
Subsurface temperature-depth profiles are practical heat-tracer
The VGF in the hydrological cycle is an instantaneous process, whereas
Cubic-polynomial initial condition
Time-dependent top boundary condition
Analytical temperature-depth solution for a prescribed average Darcy
One fitted q value for each observation time
Differentiable q time trajectory
Instantaneous actual vertical groundwater flux qa(t)
Normalized temperature sensitivity Xm for each parameter
Differential importance measure DIMm for each parameter
Finite-element temperature-depth profiles at the reported comparison
Verification of the analytical forward model
SEE comparison between present and constant-q approaches
Field inversion profiles from the second through fifth day
A same-data cross-correlation lag of about 1.08 days
Measured flux curve displaced by 1.08 days
Consistent curve shapes with average fluxes of 4.67 and 4.60 mm per
The analytical-profile inversion followed by d(qt)/dt provides a